hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 16 today is not going to be so much
of a vlog as a study with me because I
just want to do loads of studying today
because I haven't really had a day where
I've had a chance to do that yet it's
not going to be a 14-hour day just
because it's half eight already because
I got in from London really late last
night at about 12:00 and I didn't end up
going to sleep until 1:00
I slept in until about kind of a tour
called past 8 so I'm just starting off
by doing some practice questions on
organic chemistry and I'm really sorry
about the angle because I realized you
can't actually see what I'm doing but it
does get better it I realize halfway
through the day that the camera angle
wasn't perfect but I do really apologize
about that so I'm just going through
some carboxylic acids and esters
questions which I found in line and
iPhone used to be really helpful I think
the practice questions really are the
best way of revising
I'm just continuing with those same
questions here and I spent 45 minutes
doing this
here I was just writing you to do list
of some things that I needed to get done
then Here I am practicing my bond angles
for chemistry this is something that I
feel is quite important to just keep up
with it's really simple I'm just going
through my flashcards and drawing
structures I'm writing the number of
bonds and the bond angles on my
whiteboard so then I decided to plan
some paragraphs for journey's end on the
different characters and this is the
worst clip in the video I'm so sorry
please feel free to skip this clip I
wasn't going to include it and then I
thought well you can kind of see some of
what I'm doing and it's best to include
it than not included and then I realized
I hadn't opened my advent calendar so I
opened it after I was a little cake then
I just went through this sheet that my
teacher given us with everything that
was going to be on our January mocks and
I just highlighted the key things here I
was watching some of a dated Jade's new
vlog which was very good and then I
moved on to writing a social class essay
for English and I'm just going through
him planning it first I like to write my
introduction and then plan out all of my
paragraphs
then of course I had to like to candle
and this one is from Tesco's and it's
spice berry as you can see and it smells
rather Christmassy and of course I had
to film the smoke unfurling then I just
typed up these poetry notes which I had
found in my day folder which I had never
actually typed up so I just went through
and added these to my notes and then I
got up to look out the window because I
realized that it was snowing and look at
that it was it was quite surprising so
it wasn't supposed to snow today so that
was quite nice and then I went back to
writing up some essay plans for
journey's end and I just wrote up unless
I can a more in-depth as they plan for
each of the characters
next I wrote an essay plan for religious
language which is philosophy
and then I just use this to make a
Quizlet if you've been watching my vlogs
then you'll know that I like to make a
pack of flashcards for each of the
topics that we study in IRS and each
card resembles one paragraph in a
possible essay however flashcards take a
very long time to write and so I have
migrated over to Quizlet and it really
did feel like it was a little more
efficient and productive so I just went
through into this for religious language
and then I went and did the same thing
but for conscience and I was just using
this essay which I'd written a couple of
weeks ago to refer to when writing this
studies at
and then I needed to plan a video so I
was planning the gift guide which I
recently uploaded and I was also going
through the Amazon Granger lifestyle
product list which I had made and so
that's what I'm doing here on the
computer and after that I decided to
film the video that you could give to
friends or family members that do like
this kind of wholesome and study based
productive living so I know that that is
a massive gap in the time and I'm really
sorry about this but my camera actually
ran out of charge and even though it was
at a point where I could film with it
after maybe half an hour
I completely forgot because I was too
absorbed in my work I was actually doing
some chemistry questions but none of
that was filmed so I'm really sorry but
at the moment I'm just writing this
essay for philosophy and I was using the
essay plan on religious language which I
wrote earlier
so next I moved on to doing some more
chemistry questions and these ones were
on aromatic chemistry which is benzene
you know watching this video back I
realized just how a static aromatic
chemistry is I used these a six pieces
of card to write up things which I
struggle with little topics which are
perhaps more tricky so I was doing this
for chemistry I was just going through a
few bits of aromatic chemistry which I
was finding slightly tricky and then
Here I am taking off my organic
questions because I finished all of them
which was quite satisfying so then here
I was sorting out my folder my day
folder had got really full so I was just
transferring things between my day
folder and my main folders and this was
something that I've needed to do for
quite a while now but I hadn't really
got around to doing it so I'm glad that
I finally did that this evening oh well
thank you for watching I hope that you
enjoyed this video and have a productive
week